readme.md, before:

Manually adding and maintaining EntityFramework type configurations can be a pain. K Scott Allen wrote [a great blog](http://odetocode.com/blogs/scott/archive/2011/11/28/composing-entity-framework-fluent-configurations.aspx) post showing how to use MEF in order to add configurations in a scalable way. This library packages the provided approach into a reusable extension method and utility class.

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/vpjnu4fhpkvq6pvk)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/hhorne/efmodelcomposer)

**Example Usage** 

	class FooContext : DbContext
	{
		...
		protected override void OnModelCreating(DbModelBuilder modelBuilder)
		{
			modelBuilder.ComposeModelConfiguration(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly());
			base.OnModelCreating(modelBuilder);
		}
		...
	}
	
	class City
	{
		public int Id { get; set; }
		public string Name { get; set; }
	}

	[ExportConfiguration]
	class CityConfig : EntityConfiguration<City>
	{
		public CityConfig()
		{
			Property(c => c.Name).HasMaxLength(100);
		}
	}

Once your DbContext is configured to call the ComposeModelConfiguration extension method any exported EntityConfiguration (a derived type of EntityTypeConfiguration) will be automatically found and loaded when OnModelCreating is called.

Commit message:

Updated intro and added nuget info to readme

readme.md, after:

##EfModelComposer

Manually adding and maintaining EntityFramework type configurations can be a pain. K Scott Allen wrote [a great blog post](http://odetocode.com/blogs/scott/archive/2011/11/28/composing-entity-framework-fluent-configurations.aspx) showing how to use MEF in order to add configurations in a scalable way. This library packages the provided approach into a pluggable way.

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/vpjnu4fhpkvq6pvk)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/hhorne/efmodelcomposer)

**Install from Nuget**

	Install-Package EfModelComposer

**Example Usage** 

	class FooContext : DbContext
	{
		...
		protected override void OnModelCreating(DbModelBuilder modelBuilder)
		{
			modelBuilder.ComposeModelConfiguration(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly());
			base.OnModelCreating(modelBuilder);
		}
		...
	}
	
	class City
	{
		public int Id { get; set; }
		public string Name { get; set; }
	}

	[ExportConfiguration]
	class CityConfig : EntityConfiguration<City>
	{
		public CityConfig()
		{
			Property(c => c.Name).HasMaxLength(100);
		}
	}

Once your DbContext is configured to call the ComposeModelConfiguration extension method any exported EntityConfiguration (a derived type of EntityTypeConfiguration) will be automatically found and loaded when OnModelCreating is called.
